      OpenRisc Codezero Microkernel Port

      03.05.2010. Drasko DRASKOVIC

This project represents effort in porting Codezero L4 Microkernel
(http://l4dev.org/) to the OpenRisc 1000 (http://opencores.org/project,or1k)
architecture.



		Codezero Microkernel v0.2 Release

		Copyright (C) 2007 - 2009 Bahadir Bilgehan Balban


1.) What is Codezero?

Codezero is an L4 microkernel that has been written from scratch. It targets
embedded systems and its purpose is to act as a secure embedded hypervisor. It
aims to become the most modern L4 implementation by evolving the L4 microkernel
API into the future. In a nutshell, Codezero provides all the basic mechanism
to abstract away the hardware, build OS services, isolate applications and
fine-grain security in a single package.


2.) Why the name Codezero?

The project philosophy is to create the simplest and leanest microkernel that
is generic and applicable to many different applications. Feature creep is what
we don't have in Codezero. Simple, elegant design is the project philosophy.


3.) Why use Codezero?

Codezero aims to be technically cutting-edge. It's design is open and improves
by evolution. It is also easy-to-use, well-documented and portable, mostly
maturing on the ARM architecture. These might be the appealing reasons from a
technical point-of-view. It is also backed by a responsive team, in case you
have more demanding requirements.


4.) What is the license?

The current release is distributed under GNU General Public License Version 3.
For contributions we ask for a copyright share agreement and you may freely
contribute to the project this way. We also have commercial licensing options
available. This is our current model for keeping the project design and
development completely open, while thriving it by professional funding. If you
feel this is too restrictive, feel free to mention your ideas in our mailing
list.

The third party source code under the directories loader/ tools/ libs/c
libs/elf have their own copyright and licenses, separate from this project. All
third party source code is open source in the OSI definition. Please check
these directories for their respective licenses.

